fastlane: add page (#5034)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/fastlane.md

# fastlane

> Build and release mobile applications from the command-line.
> More information: <https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/>.

> - Build and sign the iOS application in the local path:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Build and sign the iOS application in the current directory:
```

`fastlane run build_app`

> - Run `pod install` for the project in the local path:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Run `pod install` for the project in the current directory:
```
